At Pleo, we're on a mission to revolutionise the way businesses manage company spending. No more outdated processes, clunky spreadsheets, or frustrating delays - we believe spend management should be seamless, empowering, and surprisingly effective for finance teams and employees alike. We're creating tools that promote autonomy, foster trust, and let businesses focus on what truly matters.

Our culture is built on transparency, collaboration, and a deep commitment to innovation - which is reflected in our spending solution. At Pleo, you'll join a passionate team shaping the future of work, all while having some fun along the way.

About The Role

We're looking for a Senior Product Manager to lead our user enablement and growth domain ensuring employees have the right access and context to spend in line with their business interests, maximising their access to all that Pleo has to offer . This pivotal role will define and execute the product vision and strategy to transform inefficient spend controls into an effortless and empowered experience. With the right access to spend for their needs and rich guidance and context for how to spend we aim to remove the headache of controlling spend, all without losing control.

Your empathy for Finance and HR professionals is crucial, as this team operates at the interface of company structure and financial access, this is balanced with your commercial acumen where you've directly influenced and led growth strategies . We are looking for someone who is exceptional at getting to the root cause of problems and can understand the motivation of finance professionals in order to challenge the status quo, with humility and clarity.

What you'll be doing

As a Senior Product Manager for the User & Controls team, you will:

Lead the product vision, strategy, and roadmap for our User Management and Spend Controls space, ensuring we sustain our market-leading position and experience 
Bring domain expertise in user permissions, access controls, spend policies, budget enforcement, and approval workflows, to directly influence the product roadmap 
Play a pivotal role in increasing our ARPA by giving mid-market finance admins the confidence that all employees who need to spend should do so through Pleo 
Engage stakeholders from our Product Marketing & GTM domains to drive adoption and growth campaigns, ensuring that all employees have a good knowledge of Pleo's different spend products 
Collaborate with your engineering, design, and data counterparts to align on strategies and ensure seamless execution of product initiatives 
Leverage data and qualitative user research to deeply understand user needs and pain points related to managing users and controlling spend, translating these insights into innovative product solutions 
Identify market trends, competitive landscapes, and potential partnerships to inform long-term product strategy and future investment into the space 

What you bring

You'll thrive in this role if you have:

Experience from HRIS and user management, either building solutions or previous experience working towards an HR team and ideally also a Finance team. 
Visionary and innovative with a proven track record of finding novel solutions to known problems to make sure we stay category defining. 
A results-oriented growth mindset, comfortable with ambiguity and a relentless drive for measurable outcomes that see the need to collaborate across the org as an opportunity, not an obstacle. 
Strong track record of leading high-performing cross-functional product teams (>10 engineers) through exceptional product management craft and leadership 
Exceptional at breaking down complex concepts, prioritising work and conveying a clear narrative to your team and stakeholders. 
Deep customer empathy and proven experience conducting user research to translate insights into tangible product improvements 
Experience in working with AI and automation to improve workflows is beneficial 

Who you'll be working with and reporting to

You'll report to our Senior Product Director Rob Guard and work closely with your Engineering Manager, two designers and tech leads. Together with your EM and Design lead, you set the strategy, direction and priority for two engineering squads. You'll also have the chance to partner with members from Data, Product Research, GTM and Partnerships to drive the success of your product.

How you'll develop in this role

In your first 3 months at Pleo, you'll:

Work closely with your design counterpart to rethink the onboarding process of setting up spend policies and controls
Set a vision and mid term roadmap for how our user management, permission and control capabilities will evolve during 2026 to give more employees access to Pleo spend products 
Get to work with exceptional talent and quickly learn how to build a B2B product experience that is today recognised as industry leading 

We're committed to helping you develop your career, whether that means taking on bigger projects, stepping into leadership, or acquiring new skills in the product craft.

Show me the benefits!

Your own Pleo card (no more out-of-pocket spending!)
Lunch is on us for your work days - enjoy catered meals or receive a lunch allowance based on your local office 🍜
Comprehensive private healthcare - depending on your location, coverage options include Vitality, Alan or Médis
We offer 25 days of holiday + your public holidays
For our Team, we offer both hybrid and fully remote working options
Option to purchase 5 additional days of holiday through a salary sacrifice
We use MyndUp to give our employees access to free mental health and well-being support with great success so far ❤️‍🩹
Paid parental leave - we want to make sure that we're supportive of families and help you feel that you don't have to compromise your family due to work 👶

Why join us?

Working at Pleo means you're working on something very exciting: the future of work. Our mission is to help every company go beyond the books. Pleo itself means 'more than you'd expect', and it's been the secret to our success over the last 8 years. So it's only fitting that we'd pass this philosophy onto our customers to help them make the most of their finances.

We think company spending should be delegated to all employees and teams, that it should be as automated as possible, and that it should drive a culture of responsible spending. Finance teams shouldn't be siloed from the rest of the organisation – they should work in unity with marketing, sales, IT and everyone else.

Speaking of working in unity, our values tell the story of how we work at Pleo. We have four core values, the first of which is 'champion the customer', which means we address real pain points that businesses face. Next up is 'succeed as a team', which highlights how our strength lies in our diversity and trust in each other. We also 'make it happen' by taking bold decisions and following through to deliver results. Last but not least, we 'build to scale', creating lasting solutions that address today's challenges and anticipate tomorrow's needs.

So, in a nutshell, that's Pleo. Today we are a 850+ team, from over 100 nations, sitting in our Copenhagen HQ, London, Stockholm, Berlin, Madrid, Montreal and Lisbon offices —and quite a few full-time remotes in 35 other countries! Being HQ'd out of Copenhagen means we're inspired by things like a good work-life balance. If you don't work in the office with us, we'll help you set up the best remote setup possible and make sure you still have time to connect with your team.